Add logFilter option and Log Filter section to the SDK doc. (#459)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/java.mdx

Examples fo <a href="https://github.com/configcat/java-sdk/blob/master/samples/console/src/main/resources/simplelogger.properties" target="_blank">slf4j-simple</a> and <a href="https://github.com/configcat/java-sdk/blob/master/samples/web/src/main/resources/logback.xml" target="_blank">logback</a> are available under the [Sample Apps](#sample-apps) section.

### Log Filter

You can set a custom log filter option by implementing the `LogFilterFunction` interface. The `apply` method provide the options to filter by `logLevel`, `eventId`, `message` or `exception`.
If the `apply` method return with `true`, the event will be logged.

```java

>     //Filter out the logs with the eventId 1001.
>     LogFilterFunction filterLogFunction = ( LogLevel logLevel, int eventId, String message, Throwable exception) -> eventId != 1001;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Filter out events with id 1001 from the log.
    LogFilterFunction filterLogFunction = (LogLevel logLevel, int eventId, String message, Throwable exception) -> eventId != 1001;
```

    ConfigCatClient client = ConfigCatClient.get("#YOUR-SDK-KEY#", options -> options.logFilter(filterLogFunction));
```

> > A complex or a badly implemented log filter can affect the SDK efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please make sure that you log filter logic doesn't perform heavy computation and doesn't block the executing thread. A complex or incorrectly implemented log filter can negatively affect the performance of the SDK.
```

> > Please make sure that your log filter logic doesn't perform heavy computation and dosen't block the executing thread. A complex or incorrectly implemented log filter can negatively affect the performance of the SDK.

Reviewer: typo + minor improvement to wording

```suggestion
> Please make sure that your log filter logic doesn't perform heavy computation and doesn't block the executing thread. A complex or incorrectly implemented log filter can degrade the performance of the SDK.
```
